Pin grpc related dependencies (#241)
frequenz-floss/frequenz-api-common: RELEASE_NOTES.md

# Frequenz Common API Release Notes

## Bug Fixes

> - Fix a dependency issue by pinning the `grpcio-tools` version.

Reviewer: Maybe something like:
```suggestion
- Fix a dependency issue by pinning the `grpcio` version and related libraries.
```
